
 
# Bloodsport 2: The Ultimate Martial Arts Challenge
 
Bloodsport 2 is a 1996 American action film directed by Alan Mehrez and Philip Tan. It is the sequel to the 1988 film Bloodsport, starring Jean-Claude Van Damme. The film stars Daniel Bernhardt as Alex Cardo, a martial artist who competes in the underground Kumite tournament, a brutal and illegal fight to the death. The film also features Pat Morita, Donald Gibb, James Hong, and Lori Lynn Dickerson.
 
**DOWNLOAD ✅ [https://www.google.com/url?q=https%3A%2F%2Fbltlly.com%2F2uy7UW&sa=D&sntz=1&usg=AOvVaw0JmGeHhXlUEupTrAUQodaH](https://www.google.com/url?q=https%3A%2F%2Fbltlly.com%2F2uy7UW&sa=D&sntz=1&usg=AOvVaw0JmGeHhXlUEupTrAUQodaH)**


 
The plot follows Alex Cardo, who is arrested for stealing a sacred sword from a temple in Thailand. He is sent to prison, where he meets Sun (James Hong), an old master who teaches him the secrets of the Iron Hand technique. Sun also tells him about the Kumite, a legendary tournament that only the best fighters in the world can enter. Alex decides to join the Kumite to prove himself and to avenge his friend Ray (Donald Gibb), who was killed by Demon (Soo Han), a ruthless champion. Along the way, he also falls in love with Janine (Lori Lynn Dickerson), a journalist who is investigating the Kumite.
 
Bloodsport 2 was released on March 1, 1996 in the United States. It received mostly negative reviews from critics, who criticized the acting, the script, and the lack of originality. However, some fans of martial arts films enjoyed the fight scenes and the performance of Bernhardt. The film was followed by two more sequels: Bloodsport III (1997) and Bloodsport: The Dark Kumite (1999).
 
Bloodsport 2 is available in dual audio format, which allows viewers to choose between English and another language. The film has been dubbed in several languages, such as Hindi, Spanish, French, German, and Italian. The dual audio option gives viewers more flexibility and convenience when watching the film.
  
The film features a diverse cast of martial artists and actors, who performed most of their own stunts and fight choreography. Daniel Bernhardt, who replaced Jean-Claude Van Damme as the lead character, is a Swiss actor and martial artist who trained in karate, taekwondo, and kickboxing. Pat Morita, who played David Leung, a friend and mentor of Alex, is best known for his role as Mr. Miyagi in The Karate Kid franchise. James Hong, who played Sun, a wise and mysterious master who teaches Alex the Iron Hand technique, is a veteran actor who has appeared in over 500 films and TV shows, such as Blade Runner, Big Trouble in Little China, and Kung Fu Panda. Donald Gibb, who reprised his role as Ray Jackson, Alex's friend and former Kumite competitor, is also known for his roles in Revenge of the Nerds and Conan the Barbarian.
 
The film was shot on location in Bangkok, Thailand, where the Kumite tournament takes place. The film showcases the exotic and colorful scenery of the city, as well as its culture and traditions. The film also features authentic Thai martial arts, such as Muay Thai and Krabi Krabong. The film's soundtrack consists of original songs composed by Stephen Edwards, as well as some licensed tracks from various artists. The film's theme song is "Fight to Survive", performed by Stan Bush, which was also used in the first Bloodsport film.
 
The film was released direct-to-video in most markets, except for a limited theatrical release in the United States. The film did not achieve the same success or cult status as the first Bloodsport film, but it has gained some fans over the years who appreciate its action and entertainment value. The film is rated R for strong martial arts violence and some language.
 
Bloodsport 2 movie download in dual audio,  Bloodsport 2 1996 full movie watch online free,  Bloodsport 2 Hindi dubbed movie download,  Bloodsport 2 Pat Morita martial arts film,  Bloodsport 2 Iron Hand fighting style,  Bloodsport 2 kumite tournament illegal,  Bloodsport 2 Daniel Bernhardt action star,  Bloodsport 2 James Hong Master Sun mentor,  Bloodsport 2 katana sword theft,  Bloodsport 2 prison torture scenes,  Bloodsport 2 R rated non-stop violence,  Bloodsport 2 sequel to Jean-Claude Van Damme classic,  Bloodsport 2 Demon villain Nicholas Hill,  Bloodsport 2 cage fighter promotion gimmick,  Bloodsport 2 MPAA rating and parents guide,  Bloodsport 2 IMDb cast and crew details,  Bloodsport 2 SoundCloud stream online free,  Bloodsport 2 opening action scene chop socky,  Bloodsport 2 best of the best kumite invitation,  Bloodsport 2 caught between honor and revenge tagline,  Bloodsport 2 Alan Mehrez and Philip Tan directors,  Bloodsport 2 Jeff Schechter writer and producer,  Bloodsport 2 Donald Gibb Ray 'Tiny' Jackson character,  Bloodsport 2 Lori Lynn Dickerson Janine Elson love interest,  Bloodsport 2 Philip Tan John Ong corrupt official,  Bloodsport 2 Soo Han Demon's henchman,  Bloodsport 2 Ron Hall Cliff Alex's friend,  Bloodsport 2 Master Hee Il Cho head judge of kumite,  Bloodsport 2 Lisa McCullough Kim Campbell reporter,  Bloodsport 2 Chuay Chien Steve Martinez referee,  Bloodsport 2 Jeff Wolfe Flash fighter with nunchucks,  Bloodsport 2 Cliff Bernhardt Len Alex's opponent in prison,  Bloodsport 2 Nils Allen Stewart Gorilla fighter with mohawk,  Bloodsport 2 Eric Lee Seng fighter with ponytail,  Bloodsport 2 Chad Stahelski fighter with long hair,  Bloodsport 2 trivia and goofs on IMDb,  Bloodsport 2 similar movies recommendations on IMDb,  Bloodsport 2 watch options on IMDbPro,  Bloodsport 2 Blu-ray and DVD search on Amazon,  Bloodsport 2 poster and photos on IMDb,  Bloodsport 2 trailer and video clips on IMDb,  Bloodsport 2 reviews and ratings on IMDb,  Bloodsport 2 plot summary and synopsis on IMDb,  Bloodsport 2 genres and motion picture rating on IMDb,  Bloodsport 2 storyline and keywords on IMDb ,  Bloodsport 2 production, box office and company info on IMDbPro ,  Bloodsport 2 soundtrack and music credits on IMDb ,  Bloodsport 2 awards and nominations on IMDb ,  Bloodsport 2 release date and country of origin on IMDb ,  Bloodsport 2 filming locations and technical specs on IMDb
 8cf37b1e13
 
